 I love Frye boots. They are the most comfortable boots I have ever worn. They do take a little while to break in, but they are worth the wait. I have had them for about a year now and they are still in great shape.
 I bought these shoes for my daughter's wedding. They are very comfortable and the color is beautiful. The only thing I didn't like about them is that they are a little tight across the top of the foot. I ordered a 1/2 size larger than I normally wear and they were still a bit tight.
 I bought this necklace for my wife for Valentines day and she loves it. It is a very pretty necklace and she wears it all the time. The only thing I don't like about it is that the chain is very thin, but other than that it is perfect.
 I bought this swimsuit for my husband and he loves it. It is a good quality suit. The only thing is that it is a little tight around the legs. I ordered a size 34 and it is more like a 32. I would have liked it to be a little bigger.
 I wear a size 7.5 shoe and I ordered these in a 7. They were too big. I had to return them and reorder in a size 6.5. They fit perfectly. They are very comfortable and I would recommend them to anyone looking for a comfortable walking shoe.
 This is my second pair of Dansko sandals and I love them. I have a high instep and these are the most comfortable sandals I have ever worn. They are true to size. I wear a size 8.5 and I ordered a 38 and they fit perfectly.
 I bought these shorts for my husband for Christmas and he loves them. They are very comfortable and fit well. The only thing I don't like about them is that the inner lining is a little too tight. I had to cut it to fit. Other than that, they are great.
 I love these shoes. They are very comfortable and fit true to size. I have a very high arch and these shoes are perfect for me. I can wear them all day and my feet don't hurt at the end of the day. I would recommend these shoes to anyone with a high arch.
 I have been using the HP DVD + R for years and have been very happy with the quality of the product. The only problem I have had with this product is that it is not gold plated. It is silver plated silver. I would not recommend this product to anyone.
 I purchased the VuPoint Digital Scanner for my parents to scan their old slides and negatives. It was very easy to use, but the software that came with it was not compatible with Windows XP. I had to download a new version of Windows XP to be able to use the scanner. I would not recommend this product.
 I was very disappointed with this product. It took a long time to set up and the sound quality is not very good. I would not recommend this product to anyone who is looking for an intercom system for their home.
 I bought this charger for my Acer Aspire 5532. It worked great for about a week and then it started to make a lot of noise and the charger would not charge my laptop. I contacted the company and they sent me a new one and it works great. I would not recommend this product.
 This is a great stereo for the price. The only thing I don't like about it is the fact that you can't adjust the volume on the radio. I have to turn it up all the way to hear it. Other than that, it's a great product.
 This is a great little stabilizer for the price. I use it with my Nikon D7000 and it works very well. It is a little heavy, but that is to be expected with the size and weight of the camera. I would recommend this to anyone looking for a small, light weight stabilizer.
 I love this camera. It is easy to use and takes great pictures. The only thing I don't like about it is that it doesn't have an on/off button on the back of the camera. I wish it did. Other than that, it is a great camera.
 I love the sound of this radio. The only thing I don't like about it is the fact that it doesn't have an aux input for my iphone. I have to use an adapter to charge my phone. Other than that, it's a great product.
 This is the best deodorant I have ever used. I have been using crystal deodorants for years and this is the only one that actually works. It lasts a long time and does not irritate my skin. I would highly recommend this product.
 This is a great little machine. It is small, compact, and easy to use. The only thing I don't like about it is that it doesn't have a volume control, so you can't adjust the sound volume. But it's not a big deal.
 This is a great heart rate monitor. It is easy to use and very accurate. The only thing I don't like about it is that it doesn't have a way to set the target heart rate. You have to go to the Polar website to do that.
 This is a great product. I have used it on a lot of clothing and it works great. I spray a little on the fabric and let it sit for a few minutes and then let it dry. It takes the wrinkles out of my shirts and pants. I also use it on my husband's shirts and he loves it.
 I saw this on Shark Tank and thought it was a great idea. The magnet is strong enough to hold the glasses in place, but not so strong that you can't bend over and put your glasses in your shirt pocket. It is a great product.
 I love these insoles. I use them in all of my shoes. They are very thin and easy to put in. I love the fact that they are odorless. I would recommend them to anyone who has a problem with foot odor.
 I love the Zippo brand, but this is the first time I've ever used a zippo with an insert. I was a little worried that it wouldn't work as well as the original, but it works great. It's easy to use and the flame lasts a long time. I'm very happy with it.
 I have been using this product for a couple of months now and have been very pleased with it. It is a great way to supplement your daily magnesium intake. It dissolves quickly and is easy to take. I would recommend this product to anyone looking for a magnesium citrate supplement.
 This is the second steamer I have purchased. The first one lasted over 10 years. I use it all the time. I love the fact that it has a separate basket for steaming vegetables. It is so easy to use and easy to clean. I would highly recommend this product.
 I bought the Black and Decker CHV1410 Handheld DustBuster and this filter was listed as a replacement for the one that came with it. It is not the correct filter for the Dustbuster. It does not fit. I had to return it for a refund.
 I bought this poster for my son's room and he loves it. It's a great poster for the price. The only thing I don't like about it is that it's a little hard to read the details of the planets. I wish it was a little bigger.
 The table and chairs were easy to put together and look great. The only problem I had was that one of the chairs arrived with a small dent in the wood. I contacted the company and they sent me a new one right away. Other than that, it was a great purchase.
 This is a beautiful teapot, but the color is not the same as shown in the picture. It is more of a dark turquoise. The color is a little darker than the picture, but it is still a beautiful color. The only thing I don't like about it is that the handle is very hard to open.
 This tortilla maker is great. It is easy to use and easy to clean. The only thing I don't like about it is that you have to use a lot of oil to get the perfect tortillas. You have to put it in the oven for a few minutes and then put it back in the fridge.
 This fan is not very powerful at all. It only blows air out of one side of the fan. I have to turn the fan to the side to get any air to come out. It is also very loud. I would not recommend this fan to anyone.
 This is a great little steamer. I use it all the time. It's easy to use, easy to clean, and easy to store. The only thing I don't like about it is that the lid doesn't stay on. I have to take it out of the microwave to clean it. Other than that, I love it.
