 This is a great keyboard for the price. The keys are easy to use and the blue light is a nice touch. The only problem I have with this keyboard is that it does not have a usb port on the back of the keyboard, so you have to plug it into a USB port on your computer.
 This is a very nice keyboard for the price. The keys are very bright and the backlit keys are a nice touch. The only thing I don't like about this keyboard is that the keys are so small that it is hard to type on it. It is not a full size keyboard, so if you are looking for a full sized keyboard this is not the one for you.
 I bought this case for my new macbook air and it fits perfectly. I love the color and the design. The only thing I don't like is that the zipper doesn't close all the way. I have to open the case to get it to close. Other than that, it's a great case.
 I bought this case for my macbook air 13.3 and it fits perfectly. The only problem I have with this case is that it is a little hard to get the laptop in and out of the case. I have a hard time getting the laptop into the case and out. Other than that, this is a great case for the price.
 This is a great product for the price. The only thing I don't like about it is that it doesn't stay in my ear when I'm using it. I have to turn it off and on all the time to get it to stay in place. Other than that, it works great.
 This is a very good bluetooth headset for the price. The only thing I don't like about it is that the ear piece that goes around your ear is a little hard to get on and off. The sound quality is not the best, but it works well for what I need it for.
 This is a great tv for the price. The picture is great and the sound is very good. The only problem I have with this tv is the sound. The sound is tinny and tinny. I had to turn up the volume on my computer speakers to get it to work. Other than that, I am very happy with my purchase.
 This is a great tv for the price. The picture is great and the sound is great. The only problem I have with this tv is that the sound quality is not very good. The sound is not as good as I would like it to be. I would not recommend this tv to anyone.
 This tv is a great tv for the price. The picture quality is very good. The only problem I have with this tv is the sound quality. The sound quality is not very good and the picture is very poor. I would not recommend this tv to anyone who is looking for a smart tv.
 I bought these boots for my boyfriend for his birthday and he loves them. They are very comfortable and look great. The only problem I have with these boots is that the heel is a little hard to walk in. I have to be careful not to put too much pressure on the heel. Other than that, they are great boots.
 I bought this keyboard for my ipad and it works great. The only thing I don't like about it is that the keys are a little hard to press and it takes a bit of practice to get the hang of it. Other than that, it's a great product.
 This is a great keyboard for the price. It is very comfortable to type on and the bluetooth connection works great. The only thing I don't like about it is that it doesn't come with a battery so you have to buy a new battery every time you want to use it. Other than that the keyboard is great.
 This is a great keyboard for the price. The keys are very responsive and have a nice feel to them. The only thing I don't like about it is that it is not as quiet as I would like it to be. I would recommend this keyboard to anyone who is looking for a low profile keyboard.
 This is a very nice case. The color is very nice and the color is true to the picture. The only problem I have with this case is that it does not stay on very well. The rubber feet that hold the case in place do not stay in place very well and it is very difficult to get the case on and off.
 I bought this bag for my new laptop and I love it. It has a lot of room for my laptop and it looks great. The only problem I have with this bag is that the strap that comes with the bag is very cheap. It is very cheaply made. I would not recommend this bag to anyone who is looking for a laptop bag.
 I bought this sleeve for my 13.3" MacBook Air and it fits perfectly. The material is very thin, but it does a great job of protecting my laptop. I would recommend this sleeve to anyone looking for a thin neoprene sleeve for their MacBook Air.
 I bought this headset to listen to music on my iphone while working out at the gym and it works great. The only problem I have with this headset is that it is not very comfortable to wear. It is very hard to adjust the volume and the volume control is very difficult to use. I would not recommend this product to anyone.
 This is a great headset for the money. The sound quality is great and the volume is great. The only problem I have with this headset is that the ear piece is not very comfortable. I have to adjust it to my ear to get it to stay in place.
 I love these headphones. They are very comfortable and have great sound quality. The only problem I have with them is that they don't stay in my ears very well. I wear them while running and they fall out of my ears all the time. I would not recommend this product to anyone.
 This tv is a great tv for the price. The picture is great and the sound is good. The only problem I have with this tv is that it doesn't come with a stand. I had to buy a stand from a local hardware store. Other than that I am very happy with my purchase.
 This tv is a great tv for the price. The picture is great and the sound is great. The only problem I have with this tv is that it does not come with a sound bar. I had to buy a separate sound bar for this tv. Other than that, I am very happy with my purchase.
 This is my first miele vacuum cleaner and I am very happy with it. It is very easy to use and the suction is very good. The only thing I don't like is that the power cord is too short and the cord is not long enough. I have to pull the cord out of the back of the canister to get to the power head. Other than that it is a great product.
 This is a great little canister vacuum for the price. It does a great job of cleaning the floors in my house. The only problem I have with it is that the cord is a little short, so I have to be careful with it. Other than that, I am very happy with this product.
 This is my first bagless vacuum and I am very happy with it. It is very light weight and easy to use. It has a lot of suction power and is very easy to maneuver. The only problem I have with it is that it is very loud. I am not used to a vacuum that is so loud and this one is loud.
 I bought this vacuum for my wife for Christmas and she loves it. It has a great suction and is very easy to use. The only problem I have with this vacuum is that the power brush broke after a few months of use. Samsung customer service is not helpful at all. I would not recommend this vacuum.
 This is a great vacuum cleaner. It has great suction and is very easy to use. The only thing I don't like about it is that the brush roller does not turn on when vacuuming hardwood floors. I have a hardwood floor in my living room and it doesn't pick up any of the hardwood dust. I would recommend this vacuum to anyone who has hardwood or carpet floors.
 I love these boots. They are very comfortable and warm. The only problem I have with them is that they are a little difficult to get on and off. I have to lace them up and then lace them back up again. Other than that, they are great boots.
 The fitflop boot is very comfortable and looks great. The only problem I have with these boots is that they are very difficult to get on. I have a wide foot and it is hard to get my foot into the boot. I had to use a shoe horn to get them on. Other than that, they are great.
 These boots are very cute and very comfortable. The only thing I don't like about them is that they are a little narrow. I usually wear a 9.5 and I ordered a 9 1/2 and they were way too big. I had to return them.
 These shoes are very comfortable and look great. The only problem I have with them is that they run a little narrow. I wear a wide width shoe and I ordered a wide and they were a little tight. I had to return them and get a half size larger.
